You need to ensure that after Proc1 executes, the database is left in a consistent state

DRAG DROP
You have an application that accesses a Microsoft SQL Server database.
The database contains a stored procedure named Proc1. Procl accesses several rows of
data across multiple tables.
You need to ensure that after Proc1 executes, the database is left in a consistent state.
While Proc1 executes, no other operation can modify data already read or changed by
Proc1. (Develop the solution by selecting and ordering the required code snippets.
You may not need all of the code snippets.)

```
SqlTransaction transaction = connection.BeginTransaction
(System.Data.IsolationLevel.RepeatableRead);
SqlTransaction transaction = connection.BeginTransaction
(System.Data.IsolationLevel.ReadUncommitted);



} finally {



command.Dispose();
connection.Dispose();
}



try {
connection.Open();
command.ExecuteNonQuery():


TransactionScope transaction = new TransactionScope();



SqlConnection connection = new SqlConnection(connectionString);
SqlCommand command = new SqlCommand("procl", connection);


} catch {


transaction.Rollback();


transaction.Commit();
```

Explanation:

Box 1:

SqlConnection connection = new SqlConnection(connectionString);
SqlCommand command = new SqlCommand("procl", connection);


Box 2:
TransactionScope transaction = new TransactionScope();


Box 3:
try {
connection.Open();
command.ExecuteNonQuery():


Box 4: transaction.Commit();


Box 5:

} catch {


Box 6: transaction.Rollback();

Box 7: } finally {

Box 8:
command.Dispose();
connection.Dispose();
}

Note:
* Box 1: Start with the sqlconnection
* Box 2: Open the SQL transaction (RepeatableRead)
/ IsolationLevel
Specifies the isolation level of a transaction.
/ RepeatableRead
Volatile data can be read but not modified during the transaction. New data can be added
during the transaction.
/ ReadCommitted
Volatile data cannot be read during the transaction, but can be modified.
/ ReadUncommitted
Volatile data can be read and modified during the transaction.
Box 3: Try the query
Box 4: commit the transaction
Box 5: Catch the exception (a failed transaction)
Box 6: Rollback the transaction
Box 7: Final cleanup
Box 8: Clean up (close command and connection).
Reference: SqlConnection.BeginTransaction Method
Incorrect:
The transaction is not set up by transactionscope here. Begintransaction is used.